Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

Herewith we report on Mr. John Williams, born 08/08/1956, inpatient from
10/03/2015 to 10/06/2015.

**Diagnosis:**

Multiple Myeloma IgG kappa.

**Staging and Initial Diagnosis:**

Date: 03/2015

Stage: IIA based on the Salmon and Durie scale, ISS II.

-   CT whole body 03/11/2015: Osteolysis detected in the seventh
    thoracic vertebra (T7); pathologic fracture observed in the first
    lumbar vertebra (L1).

-   Bone marrow infiltration: Initial histological evaluation showed
    22%; cytomorphological assessment revealed 28%.

**Histological Findings:**

Date: 03/2015

**FISH (Fluorescence In Situ Hybridization) Results:** Detected an
additional signal for both CCND1 and CCND3. Presence of one trisomy or
tetrasomy 9. Additional signals observed for 5p15- and 5q31- as well as
19p13- and 19q13-. 46, XY with a detected ASxL1 mutation.

**Treatment Timeline:**

**01-02/15:** Administered 2 cycles of
Cyclophosphamide-Bortezomib-Dexamethasone (CyBorD). Resulted in stable
disease but caused prolonged pancytopenia.

**03/15 - 06/15:** Administered 3 cycles of a combination treatment
including Carfilzomib, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone.

**07/15:** Underwent stem cell mobilization using cyclophosphamide.

**07-08/15:** Experienced extended pancytopenia and regeneration. Bone
marrow puncture showed progressive disease with a significant increase
in plasma cell infiltration, reaching 92%.

**09/02/15:** Received the first dosage of daratumumab at 16mg/kg.
Subsequently developed thrombocytopenia. Treatment did not include
Revlimid.

**Histopathological report: **

Multiple myeloma, IgG kappa. The evaluation is for myelodysplastic
syndrome in the presence of tricytopenia and an ASXL1 mutation.

**Methods:** Hematoxylin and eosin (HE), periodic acid-Schiff (PAS),
iron, Giemsa, Gomori, chloroacetate esterase, step sections,
decalcification, and 1 block.

**Microscopic Examination:**

The sample is a 2 cm long bone marrow biopsy core that contains more
than ten medullary canals. The cellularity is around 20-30%, which is
considered normocellular for the patient\'s age. There is evidence of
bone marrow edema and heightened hemosiderosis. Recent stromal
hemorrhages are also observed. There is a relative increase in
erythropoiesis with a ratio of erythropoiesis to granulopoiesis being
approximately 2:1. Erythropoiesis is present in well-defined zones with
regular maturation. Only minimal nuclear rounding is observed.
Granulopoiesis matures into segmented granulocytes. PAS staining reveals
some morphologically normal megakaryocytes. Occasionally there are bare
nuclei and possible microforms. Scattered mature plasma cells are
observed with no signs of atypical proliferation. The argyrophilic
fibrous network is fine, and no fibrosis is detected.

**Preliminary Findings:**

The bone marrow biopsy is normocellular for the age with a relative
increase in erythropoiesis that shows only minimal cytological atypia.
Granulopoiesis is slightly reduced, while megakaryopoiesis is
normocellular with a few cells that are hypolobulated.There is bone
marrow edema and enhanced hemosiderosis. Scattered mature plasma cells
are also noted.

Based solely on histomorphologic observations, it is not enough to
confirm a diagnosis of myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), which is the
suspected clinical diagnosis. For a more thorough evaluation of
potential atypicalities in the megakaryopoiesis (like
micromegakaryocytes), further immunohistochemical examination is
recommended. Assessing the blast content is also advised. There is no
evidence currently of manifest infiltrates from the previously diagnosed
multiple myeloma.

**Immunohistochemical Additional Findings (Dated 10/04/2015):**

**Immunohistochemistry Stains Used:** CD3, CD79a, CD34, CD117, MUM-1,
Kappa, lambda, CyclinD1, CD61.

Blast cells positive for CD34 and CD117 are below 5% of the total. CD3
stains scattered T lymphocytes, and CD79a identifies sporadic B
lymphocytes and some plasma cells. Plasma cells are also positive for
MUM-1 and exhibit polytypic expression of kappa and lambda light chains.
There is no co-expression with CyclinD1. CD61 highlights the previously
described megakaryocytes, and no micromegakaryocytes are observed.

**Final Report:**

The bone marrow biopsy is representative and normocellular for the
patient\'s age. There is a relative increase in erythropoiesis that
shows only minor cytological atypia. Granulopoiesis appears slightly
reduced, while megakaryopoiesis presents with a few hypolobulated cell
forms. Evidence of bone marrow edema and increased hemosiderosis is
noted, along with scattered mature plasma cells.


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

We hereby report on Mr. Williams, John, born 08/08/1956, inpatient from
11/30/2015 to 12/28/2015.

**Oncological Diagnosis**:

Multiple myeloma IgG kappa.

Initial diagnosis 03/15: Stage IIA (Salmon and Durie), ISS II.

**Sites**:

Osteolysis in T7 vertebra, fracture in T1 vertebra.

Bone marrow: 22% histological, 28% cytomorphologic infiltration.

**Histology**:

Bone marrow biopsy 11/16: FISH: Additional signals for CCND1, CCND3;
Trisomy 3, 9; Additional signals on chromosomes 5 and 19. Chromosomal
analysis: 46, XY with ASxL1 mutation.

**Treatment**:

01-02/15: 2 cycles Cyclophosphamide-Bortezomib-Dexamethasone -\>
Stable disease, prolonged low blood counts.

03/15 - 06/15: 3 cycles Carfilzomib/Lenolidomide/Dexamethasone.

07/15: Stem cell mobilization with Cyclophosphamide.

07-08/15: Extended low blood count. Bone marrow biopsy: 92% plasma cell
infiltration.

09/02/15: Darzalex 16mg/kg initial dose, with platelet count drop. No
Lenalidomide.

09/04/15: 10 cycles of Darzalex, 1 cycle with Lenalidomide due to
renewed low platelet and white blood cell counts.

11-12/15: Conditioning chemo with Fludarabine/Treosulfan, then
allogeneic stem cell transplant from HLA-matched unrelated donor.
Immunosuppression with ATG, cyclosporine, Mycophenolate Mofetil.

**Complications**:

Mucositis, central line infection, gastrointestinal symptoms, urinary
infections with E. faecium and E.coli, JC virus bladder infection.

**Secondary Diagnoses**:

Dry eye syndrome, Type 2 diabetes managed with oral meds, Hypertension.

**Treatment Plan**:

Gradual reduction of immunosuppression based on graft vs. host disease
signs.

**Radiology**:

CT Whole Body: 12/01/15: Various areas of bone osteolysis. Degeneration
of spine.

CT Chest 12/02/15 and 12/03/15: Changes in lungs and some fluid
accumulation.

**Medication**:

  **Medication**                 **Dosage**    **Frequency**
  ------------------------------ ------------- ---------------
  Mycophenolic Acid (Myfortic)   360 mg        Twice Daily
  Cyclosporine (Sandimmune)      200 mg        Daily
  Artificial Tears               As directed   3x Daily
  Candesartan (Atacand)          8 mg          Daily
  Tamsulosin (Flomax)            0.4 mg        Daily
  Pantoprazole (Protonix)        40 mg         Daily
  Amlodipine (Norvasc)           5 mg          Twice Daily
  Cotrimoxazole (Bactrim)        960 mg        Mon/Wed/Fri
  Valacyclovir (Valtrex)         500 mg        Twice Daily

**Summary**:

Mr. Williams was admitted on 11/30/2015 for treatment related to his
Multiple Myeloma. He underwent conditioning chemotherapy,
immunosuppressive therapy, and stem cell transplantation. He experienced
complications, including infections and symptoms affecting multiple
systems. Close monitoring of blood pressure and glucose is recommended.
He was discharged on 12/28/2015 in good condition and will be followed
up in the outpatient clinic. If there are worsening symptoms, he should
visit the emergency department immediately.

**Dear Mr. Williams,**

We report on your outpatient treatment on 02/15/2016.

**Diagnoses:**

1.  **Multiple Myeloma** IgG kappa, diagnosed 03/2015.

    Stage IIA as per Salmon and Durie, stage II as per ISS.

    Osteolysis at T7 vertebra, fracture at T1 vertebra.

    Bone marrow infiltration: 22% histologically, 28% cytologically.

    FISH: Indications of additional CCND1 and CCND3 signals; Trisomy 3,
    additional signals at various chromosomes.

    Chromosome analysis: 46, XY \[20\].

**Secondary diagnoses:**

Type 2 diabetes mellitus

Hypertension

Cataract (surgery 06/2018)

Nodular goiter

RSV pneumonia (03/2018)

**Summary:**

Mr. Williams presents in good general health to our bone marrow
transplant (BMT) outpatient clinic. There are no signs of infection or
chronic graft rejection. He has shown significant improvement in
resilience and does not have any complaints. Vital signs are stable.
Blood tests showed ongoing regeneration with normal light chains and
persistent positive immunofixation. There is no need for
myeloma-specific therapy at present, but close monitoring of the
paraprotein is required.

**Medication:**

  **Medication**                **Dosage**             **Frequency**
  ----------------------------- ---------------------- -------------------------------------------------------
  Tamsulosin (Flomax)           0.4 mg                 Daily in the morning
  Candesartan (Atacand)         8 mg                   Twice Daily
  Metformin (Glucophage)        1000 mg                0.5 tablet in the morning, 1.5 tablets in the evening
  Pantoprazole (Protonix)       20 mg                  Daily in the morning
  Vitamin D3 (various brands)   20,000 IU              Once a week
  Allopurinol (Zyloprim)        100 mg                 Daily in the morning
  Insulin (various types)       As per sliding scale   As per sliding scale

With kind regards


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

We are providing an update on our shared patient, Mr. John Williams, who
consulted with us on June 15, 2018.

**Consultation Summary:**

8.  **Multiple Myeloma**

    **Kidney biopsy scheduled for tomorrow.**

    **Prostate cancer**

**Current Status:**

Acute renal failure accompanied by proteinuria due to the recent
diagnosis of multiple myeloma.

Multiple osteolytic lesions, including at the T4, T7, L1 vertebra and
the ribs.

**Diagnosis:**

Multiple myeloma.

Prostate cancer

**Clinical Presentation:**

Osteolytic lesion presenting as thoracic pain.

**Imaging Findings:**

Osteolytic lesion at T4 vertebra with involvement of the posterior edge.

**Planned Procedures:**

Restricted bed rest.

Whole spine MRI with STIR sequences, to be presented in the upcoming
tumor board meeting for deciding further course of action.

**Previous Diagnoses:**

May, 2018, Nephrology: Enlarged kidneys noted bilaterally.

January, 2018, Urology: Prostate cancer

December, 2015, Internal Medicine: Multiple myeloma without evidence of
complete remission.

**Previous Procedures:**

Transrectal biopsy of the prostate.

**Histology Report, Date: June 13, 2018:**

Suspected plasmacytoma with paraproteinemia.

WBC 6.47; Hb 10.8; Platelets 251,000.

Bone marrow biopsy: Cellularity approximated at 48%, indicating slightly
increased cellularity. Amidst reduced hematopoiesis, there is
proliferation of plasmacytoid cells with certain features.

**Preliminary Report:**

The bone marrow sample indicates possible infiltration due to plasma
cell myeloma. Additional tests will be conducted to confirm and further
elucidate this finding.

**Supplementary Findings:**

Immunohistochemical staining: CD138, Kappa, Lambda, CD20.

Microscopic findings confirm the presence of nodular infiltrates with
certain features.

**Final Report:**

Bone marrow sample indicates infiltration by a plasma cell myeloma with
kappa light chain restriction. Additionally, regular trilinear
hematopoiesis is significantly reduced.


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

I wish to provide an update on our mutual patient, Mr. John Williams,
born 08/08/1956, who presented at our clinic at 08/20/2018.

**Diagnosis:**

Present condition: Multiple Myeloma IgG type, coded under ICD-10.

Stage: II B based on Durie and Salmon criteria; determined from Hb 9.1,
Creatinine 4.5 mg/dL.

**Histology:**

Bone marrow biopsy presents a strong indication of interstitial and
focal nodular invasion of the marrow space by plasma cell myeloma,
predominantly of high to intermediate maturity.

**Immunohistochemistry:**

The nodular infiltrates were found positive for CD138 with a kappa-light
chain restriction (infiltration rate at 62%).

Cytological findings align with high-grade bone marrow infiltration by
multiple myeloma.

**Tumor Localization:**

MRI of the entire spine conducted on 06/20/2018 reveals disseminated
bone lesions throughout the spine without any soft tissue involvement.
There is noted anterior vertebral body involvement at T4.

**Secondary Diagnoses:**

Cysts in the right kidney.

As of 01/2018, a diagnosis of Prostate cancer with a Gleason score of 8
and a PSA reading of 10.02.

Previous rib fracture, which may be associated with the multiple
myeloma.

Chronic renal failure, with ongoing dialysis treatment.

Documented mitral valve surgery in 2015.

History of Deep Vein Thrombosis in 1999.

**Prior Treatments:**

Initial diagnosis of multiple myeloma IgG kappa in 2015.

Prostate cancer was diagnosed in 01/2018 following spontaneous rib
fractures, Gleason score of 8.

A PSMA-PET-CT scan in 05/18 showed multiple bone lesions, notably
pronounced at Th4.

Tumor board review in 06/2018 concluded treatment strategies for
urological tumors, encompassing radiation therapy targeting Th4 and
antiandrogen therapy for the identified prostate cancer, using a GnRH
analog.

The progression of multiple myeloma required the commencement of
systemic treatment with Velcade and Dexamethasone.

**Study**: PSMA-PET-CT Scan

**Date of Study**: 05/2018

**Clinical Information**: Prostate cancer diagnosed in 01/2018 following
spontaneous rib fractures. Gleason score of 8.

**Technique**:

Whole body positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) was
performed following the intravenous administration of PSMA-radiotracer.
Coronal, sagittal, and axial images were acquired and reviewed.

**Findings**:

Bone: Notably increased PSMA uptake is seen at the level of T4 vertebral
body consistent with metastatic involvement. The lesion has caused
cortical erosion and expansion with potential involvement of the
anterior spinal canal. Multiple rib lesions are identified,
corresponding with the clinical history of spontaneous rib fractures.
These lesions exhibit no increased PSMA uptake. No other foci of
increased PSMA uptake throughout the axial and appendicular skeleton.

**Prostate**:

12. The prostate gland demonstrates diffusely increased uptake, which is
    consistent with primary prostate malignancy, especially given the
    known clinical history.

**Thorax/Abdomen: **

13. No abnormal PSMA avid soft tissue masses or lymphadenopathies were
    noted in the visualized fields. No pulmonary nodules or masses
    suggestive of metastatic disease were identified. Liver, spleen,
    kidneys, and adrenal glands appear unremarkable with no evidence of
    metastatic lesions.

**Impression**:

Osseous metastasis from prostate cancer with involvement of the T4
vertebral body. No evidence of soft tissue, lymph node, or pulmonary
metastases in the visualized fields. Prostate gland showing evidence
consistent with primary malignancy.

**Current Radiation Therapy:**

**Indication:** Radiotherapy became a consideration due to a sizable
osteolytic lesion at T4, both for pain alleviation and stabilization.
Concurrent treatment of the aching ribs on the right side (7th-9th) was
also performed.

**Technique:** 6 MeV photons from a linear accelerator, administering a
cumulative dose of 30 Gy to thoracic vertebra 4 and 20 Gy to the ribs
with respective daily doses.

1.  **Treatment Duration:**

    Th4: 08/21/2018 to 08/27/2018

    Rib area: 08/21/2018 to 08/27/2018

**Clinical Update:**

Throughout the therapy period, Mr. Williams remained admitted to our
Oncology ward for ongoing reduced dosage chemotherapy using Velcade. He
has reported a decline in pain sensations during this timeframe. The
overall health status appeared satisfactory, with no skin irritation
observed at the irradiated sites.

**Subsequent Actions:**

Guidance on skincare and potential adverse effects have been provided to
Mr. Williams. The intensity of the chemotherapy will soon be escalated.
A radio-oncological assessment has been scheduled in our outpatient
facility for 09/05/2018 at 12:00 PM. I kindly request the most recent
test results by this date.

**Note:** In compliance with the Radiation Protection Act, we shall
undertake regular evaluations and request updates on the patient\'s
condition. Mr. Williams has been apprised of the necessity for
consistent oncological check-ups.

Warm regards,


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

We wish to update you on our mutual patient, Mr. John Williams.

**Diagnosis:**

Current multiple myeloma IgG type

**Tumor Localization:**

Based on a whole spine MRI dated June 20, 2018:

Multiple intraosseous lesions throughout the spine without soft tissue
involvement.

Known intrusion of the T4 cover plate.

**Secondary Diagnoses:**

Right kidney cysts

Diagnosed prostate carcinoma in January 2018, Gleason score 8, initial
PSA at 10.02.

History of a spontaneous rib fracture related to the multiple myeloma.

Chronic renal insufficiency; he remains on dialysis.

History of mitral valve reconstruction in 2015.

History of deep vein thrombosis in 1999.

**Treatment Overview:**

Diagnosed with multiple myeloma type kappa in 2015 with initially normal
renal function.

Diagnosed with prostate carcinoma in January 2018 due to spontaneous rib
fractures, Gleason score 8.

Treatment decisions in 2018 included radiation for vertebral lesions and
hormone therapy for prostate cancer using a GnRH analogue.

Systemic therapy with Velcade and Dexamethasone initiated due to
progressive myeloma.

Radiation therapy in August 2018 for vertebral and rib lesions.

**Summary:**

Mr. Williams had a radio-oncological follow-up on September 29, 2018.
His general health has improved. He remains on thrice-weekly dialysis.
Recent CT scans show extensive osteolysis of the spine with several
vertebral collapses. Currently, we see no urgent fracture risk or need
for additional radiation therapy. We have planned regular clinical
check-ups with Mr. Williams. His next follow-up is scheduled in three
months.

**Oncologic treatment: **

Daratumumab/lenalidomide/dexamethasone regimen:

Daratumumab 16mg/kg: Days 1, 8, 15, 22 for cycles 1 & 2 (every 28 days
for 8 weeks).

Days 1, 15 for cycles 3-6 (every 28 days for 16 weeks).

Day 1 for subsequent cycles (every 28 days).

Dexamethasone 20mg on Daratumumab days, with an additional 20mg the day
after (totaling 40mg/week).

Lenalidomide 5mg from day 1-21 (every 28 days).

Bondronate every 4 weeks (last administered on 12/13/2016).

Re-evaluation of hemodialysis and autologous peripheral blood stem cell
transplant (PBSCT) after 2 cycles of daratumumab.

**CT Spine scan (09/30/2018): **

**Technique**: Contrast-enhanced computed tomography (Omnipaque 240) of
the thoracic and lumbar spine was performed with axial slices, and
multiplanar reconstructions in sagittal and coronal orientations.

**Findings**:

**Thoracic Spine**:

Extensive osteolytic lesions are identified in multiple thoracic
vertebrae. Specifically, vertebral collapses are noted at T4, T7, T9,
T11. No significant bony destruction of pedicles, lamina and spinous
processes. No evidence of paravertebral or epidural soft tissue masses.

**Lumbar Spine**:

Prominent osteolytic changes are seen in L1 (with fracture) and L4
vertebral bodies. However, there is no significant vertebral collapse.
Preserved pedicles, lamina, and spinous Processes without significant
osteolysis. No evidence of abnormal masses or lymphadenopathy.

No significant central canal stenosis or neural foraminal narrowing. The
intervertebral discs are preserved without significant discopathies.

**Impression**:

Extensive osteolysis in multiple vertebral bodies, specifically in the
thoracic and lumbar spine, with vertebral collapses at levels T4, T7,
T9, and T11 as well as L1. Also, osteolytic changes in L4 of the lumbar
spine.

Currently, based on imaging, there does not appear to be an urgent
fracture risk, and no radiologic signs suggesting a need for imminent
radiation therapy. No soft tissue abnormalities identified in the
examined regions.

**Medication: **

  **Medication**               **Dosage**   **Frequency**
  ---------------------------- ------------ ----------------------------------------
  Fentanyl Patch (Duragesic)   25 μg        Changed every 72 hours
  Enoxaparin (Lovenox)         0.2 mL       Nightly (dialysis dose)
  Dexamethasone (Decadron)     8 mg         In the morning (day after Daratumumab)
  Pantoprazole (Protonix)      40 mg        Daily in the morning
  Cotrimoxazole (Bactrim)      480 mg       Thrice weekly (Mon, Wed, Fri)
  Valacyclovir (Valtrex)       500 mg       Daily in the morning
  Acetaminophen (Tylenol)      500 mg       Orally, three times daily
  Ibandronate (Boniva)         2 mg         Every 4 weeks
  Leuprorelin (Lupron Depot)   3.75 mg      Monthly (4-week depot) subcutaneously
  Pregabalin (Lyrica)          25 mg        Twice a day
  Amlodipine (Norvasc)         5 mg         Daily in the morning
  Bisoprolol (Zebeta)          5 mg         Daily in the morning
  Lenalidomide (Revlimid)      5 mg         Nightly
  Ondansetron (Zofran)         8 mg         As needed, up to twice daily


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

We are updating you on Mr. John Williams\' outpatient visit on December
13, 2018.

**Diagnosis:**

Febrile respiratory infection.

**Underlying Conditions:**

Multiple myeloma, kappa light chain, stage IIIB as classified by Salmon
and Durie.

Chronic kidney disease requiring hemodialysis.

Prostate cancer.

**Summary:**

Mr. Williams came to the emergency room with fever and dry cough during
his multiple myeloma treatment with Darzalex, Revlimid, and
Dexamethasone. His vital signs were recorded, and laboratory tests
showed signs of infection and confirmed chronic kidney disease. Chest
X-ray indicated possible inflammation. Given these findings, Mr.
Williams was admitted for antibiotic therapy. Further observations and
treatments were documented.


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

This letter pertains to Mr. John Williams, who was hospitalized from
December 14 to 21st, 2018.

**Oncological Diagnosis:**

Multiple myeloma, kappa light chain, initially diagnosed in June 2018 as
stage IIIB per Durie and Salmon criteria.

**Treatment Details:**

He underwent various treatment regimens for multiple myeloma over the
course of the year. His current condition indicates an
influenza-positive pneumonia, likely with a bacterial superinfection. He
continues hemodialysis thrice a week.

**Secondary Diagnoses:**

Several renal complications were documented in June 2018.

**Plan of Care:**

Mr. Williams\' therapy plan was discussed in a tumor board meeting. He
remains on a regimen of Darzalex, Revlimid, and Dexamethasone.

**Summary:**

Mr. Williams came to the emergency room on December 13, 2018, with cough
and fever. Further details about his history can be found in previous
communications. On admission, he showed signs of a respiratory
infection, confirmed by a chest X-ray. He was treated with antibiotics,
which were later escalated. He also tested positive for influenza A and
was given Tamiflu. After a short in-patient stay, he has shown
improvement. He is scheduled to continue his therapy in our clinic on
December 22, 2018. In case of any complications, he has been advised to
return to our emergency room immediately.

For future consultations, please provide a referral slip for each new
quarter.

Warm regards


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

We are writing to inform you about Mr. John Williams, who was an
inpatient in our clinic from March 1, 2019, to March 3, 2019.

Oncological diagnosis:

Mr. Williams was diagnosed with Multiple Myeloma light chain kappa. He
received his follow-up diagnosis in June 2018, which was at stage IIIB
per the Durie and Salmon staging system.

Treatment:

In June 2018, he was given VelDex due to impaired renal function.
Subsequently, he received Carfilzomib (15mg/m2 on days 1-2, 8-9, 15-16),
Lenalidomide (5 mg, on days 1-21), and Dexamethasone (40mg, on days 1,
8, 15-16, 22). In addition, he was treated with Pomalidomide (4mg on
days 1-21), Doxorubicin (9mg/m2 on days 1, 4), and Dexamethasone (40mg,
on days 1, 8, 15, 22). He underwent radiation therapy to T4 of the rib
thorax in August. Between August to October 2018, he had three cycles of
Pomalidomide, Doxorubicin, and Dexamethasone, after which the disease
progressed. From November 2018 to February 2019, he had four cycles of
Daratumumab, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone.

**Outcome:**

The response to the treatment was very good partial remission (VGPR).

**Present Treatment:**

He underwent mobilization chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide, with a
dosage adjusted due to his requirement for dialysis (1500mg/m^2^ on day
1 and 1000mg/m^2^ on day 2). He received dialysis on March 2 in our
nephrology department.

**Secondary diagnoses:**

In March 2018, he developed renal insufficiency requiring thrice-weekly
dialysis. In January 2018, he was diagnosed with prostate carcinoma and
was treated with an androgen blockade using Enantone.

**Future Therapy Plan:**

The tumor board\'s decision from March 3, 2019 was to continue with
Daratumumab, Revlimid, and Dexamethasone due to the good response. He
will undergo stem cell mobilization and high-dose therapy with
autologous stem cell transplant. Monitoring is scheduled for March 14,
2019, followed by dialysis at our dialysis center on Mondays,
Wednesdays, and Fridays.

**Medications:**

His current medications include:

  **Medication**                 **Dosage**         **Frequency**
  ------------------------------ ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------
  Fentanyl Patch (Duragesic)     25 μg              Changed every 72 hours
  Enoxaparin (Lovenox)           0.2 mL             For dialysis
  Dexamethasone (Decadron)       8 mg               On March 4 and 5
  Pantoprazole (Protonix)        40 mg              
  Cotrimoxazole (Bactrim)        480 mg             Thrice weekly on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays
  Valacyclovir (Valtrex)         500 mg             
  Ibandronate (Boniva)           2 mg               Every four weeks
  Leuprorelin (Lupron Depot)     3.75 mg            Every four weeks
  Pregabalin (Lyrica)            25 mg              
  Amlodipine (Norvasc)           Currently paused   Currently paused
  Bisoprolol (Zebeta)            2.5 mg             
  Filgrastim (Neupogen/Granix)   48 million IU      

**Summary:**

Mr. Williams was admitted on March 1, 2019, for mobilization
chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide. Please refer to our previous letters
for a detailed history. His last treatment was with daratumumab,
Revlimid, and dexamethasone. Fortunately, this treatment showed a very
good response. He is dialyzed three times a week at our clinic due to
chronic renal insufficiency. He was discharged on March 3, 2019, and we
request the administration of filgrastim as per the medication plan
starting March 6, 2019. CD34+ monitoring is scheduled for March 14,
2019. Depending on the CD34+ count, stem cell collection may need to be
scheduled on a dialysis-free day. We have coordinated with our
colleagues at the dialysis center for the collection via the atrial
catheter. A follow-up for blood count and Ibandronate administration has
been scheduled for March 10, 2017. If his condition deteriorates or if
he shows signs of infection, bleeding, or any other complications, he
should immediately be brought to our emergency department. Please
remember to bring a referral form during your initial visit each
quarter.

Therapy recommendation based on Transthoracic echocardiography findings:

Mr. Williams has a normally sized left ventricle with standard global
function. There\'s no evidence of any regional wall motion
abnormalities. The right ventricle is also of normal size with standard
function. The left atrium is not dilated. There\'s marked concentric
left ventricular hypertrophy. His aortic valve shows insufficiency of I°
(PHT 520 ms), while the mitral and tricuspid valves appear normal. There
is no significant pericardial effusion. Overall, he has a standard left
ventricular function with no significant valvular diseases or pulmonary
hypertension.

**Surgery Report:**

Diagnosis: Terminal renal failure.

Procedure: Creation of a right upper arm brachialis-basilica fistula
with the anterior movement of the right basilic vein.

**Report:**

Mr. Williams required dialysis due to terminal renal insufficiency. For
this purpose, an arteriovenous (AV) fistula was created as a dialysis
access. Previously, dialysis was performed using a right atrial
catheter. After mapping, only the basilic vein on the right arm seemed
suitable. Hence, a brachialis-basilica fistula was created with anterior
transposition of the basilica vein. A partial mobilization of the
basilica vein was performed. Afterward, a brachialis-basilica
anastomosis was carried out. The operation was uncomplicated.

Your collaboration has been instrumental in managing this patient
effectively. If you have any further queries or require additional
details, please do not hesitate to contact our office.

**Medication:**

  **Medication**                  **Dosage**         **Frequency**
  ------------------------------- ------------------ ------------------------------------
  Fentanyl Patch (Duragesic)      25 μg              Change every 72 hours
  Enoxaparin (Lovenox)            0.2 mL             Nightly (dialysis dose)
  Dexamethasone (Decadron)        8 mg               Morning on 03/05 & 03/06
  Pantoprazole (Protonix)         40 mg              Morning
  Cotrimoxazole (Bactrim Forte)   480 mg             Morning 3x weekly on Mon, Wed, Fri
  Valacyclovir (Valtrex)          500 mg             Half tablet in the morning
  Ibandronate (Boniva)            2 mg               Every 4 weeks
  Leuprorelin (Lupron Depot)      3.75 mg            Monthly subcutaneous (Morning)
  Pregabalin (Lyrica)             25 mg              Morning and Evening
  Amlodipine (Norvasc)            Currently paused   Currently paused
  Bisoprolol (Zebeta)             2.5 mg             Morning and Evening
  Filgrastim (Neupogen/Granix)    48 million IU      Morning and Evening

Best regards,


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

I am writing to provide you with a detailed report on Mr. John Williams,
who was admitted to our facility from May 8, 2020, to May 28, 2020.

**Diagnoses:**

History of acute mitral valve endocarditis in March 2020.

Subsequent re-operation entailing mitral valve replacement using a
Bioprosthesis (29 mm) coupled with the resection of all infected tissue
from the mitral valve\'s supporting apparatus on March 24, 2020.

The origin remains uncertain, but potential associations include Demers
catheter infection and port catheter infection (confirmed presence of
Staphylococcus epidermidis).

Surgical removal was conducted on March 21, 2020, with no findings at
the catheter tips.

14. Antibiotic regimen included:

    Meropenem from April 2, 2020, to April 23, 2020.

    Linezolid 600 mg from April 3, 2020, to April 19, 2020.

    Daptomycin from April 3, 2020, to May 27, 2020.

    Fosfomycin from April 19, 2020, to May 28, 2020.

History of mitral valve reconstruction via minithoracotomy in 2015.

Right-side vision loss due to septic-embolic central retinal artery
occlusion.

Left hemispheric ischemia in the caput nuclei caudati/lenticular nuclei
on April 5, 2020, possibly embolic in origin from mitral valve
endocarditis.

History of brainstem transient ischemic attack (TIA) on March 11, 2020,
potentially embolic in relation to mitral valve endocarditis.

Jugular vein thrombosis.

20. Hematological/oncological diagnoses comprise:

    Multiple myeloma with lambda light chains, stage IIIB according to
    the Salmon and Durie criteria, first diagnosed in 2015. This was
    accompanied by multiple osteolysis occurrences, history of radiation
    to Th4 and rib thorax, and treatment with Daratumumab. Current
    treatment has been paused due to remission.

    A prostate carcinoma diagnosis in January 2018

**Other medical conditions include:**

-Chronic kidney failure necessitating dialysis since 2018, history of a
Demer catheter with explantation on March 2020, and angioplasty on the
right V. basilica and V. brachialis due to stenosis-related shunt
dysfunction.

-History of brainstem TIA in April 2019.

-Sensations of tingling paresthesias in both lower legs.

-History of bilateral deep vein thrombosis.

-Frequent calf muscle cramps.

**Medical History Overview:**

Mr. Williams\'s latest admission on May 8, 2020, was to assess remission
status and determine if continuation of treatment for his known multiple
myeloma was necessary. Previously, until March 2020 he was under a
Daratumumab monotherapy (as he could not tolerate Revlimid), which
showed stable disease progression. Prior to this, he was treated at our
local hospital for mitral valve endocarditis which had a complex
trajectory. At the time of admission, Mr. Williams felt generally weak
but was otherwise in stable condition. Upon discontinuation of the
fentanyl patch, his back pain increased. He exhibited no fevers and had
no known allergies. His appetite was low, and he reported no nausea.
Since his heart surgery, he has experienced numbness in his left heel
and toes. His residual urine output was about 190 mL per day, and he was
undergoing regular dialysis.

**Physical Examination:**

The patient was alert, responsive, and fully oriented. The examination
of the head, neck, and lungs was unremarkable. Cardiac auscultation
revealed clear and rhythmic heart sounds without any abnormal findings.
There was a non-irritated sternotomy scar. Examination of his back
revealed decubitus ulcers. Abdominal examination showed a soft,
non-tender abdomen with normal bowel sounds. Extremity examination
revealed minor edema.

**Diagnostic Imaging and Tests:**

A series of diagnostic tests, including sonography, whole body CT scan,
ophthalmological exams, and histology were conducted. The results are
detailed within this report. In summary, the findings indicate:

-Limited abnormalities in the heart\'s echocardiography, with potential
mitral valve issues to monitor.

-Bone scans revealed extensive osteopenia and other abnormalities
related to his known multiple myeloma, but no evidence of new
osteolysis.

-Eye examinations confirmed the previously noted vision issues,
potentially stemming from the mitral valve endocarditis, but provided no
clear solutions.

-Histological evaluation of bone marrow samples indicates largely
regular hematopoiesis but confirms infiltration from the known multiple
myeloma.

**Summary and Recommendations:**

Mr. John Williams is a 63-year-old male with a complex medical history
involving multiple organ systems. His most recent admission was in
relation to his multiple myeloma, for which he has been in remission and
will be monitored closely. His mitral valve endocarditis from earlier
this year has been resolved and treated appropriately. Due to the
multiple comorbidities, it is crucial for any treating facility or
physician to be fully aware of his history to provide optimal care.
Continual monitoring of his cardiovascular and renal systems is
essential. The importance of maintaining strict adherence to his
dialysis regimen and potential antibiotic prophylaxis is emphasized.
Given his weakened general condition and chronic pain, palliative care
might also be a suitable approach to consider, focusing on enhancing his
quality of life and addressing his pain management needs.

Please refer to the attached files for further details and a complete
breakdown of tests and findings. I trust this report will help guide the
appropriate medical care for Mr. John Williams.

Sincerely,

**Medication:**

  **Medication**                            **Dosage**           **Frequency**
  ----------------------------------------- -------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Clopidogrel (Plavix)                      75 mg                Morning
  Enoxaparin (Lovenox)                      0.2 mL s.c.          Evening, only on days when not receiving dialysis
  Dronabinol (Marinol) Drops                3 drops              Morning and Evening
  Leuprorelin (Lupron Depot)                Monthly depot        Every 4 weeks via subcutaneous injection
  Fentanyl Transdermal System               12 μg/hour           Changed every 3 days
  Pantoprazole (Protonix)                   40 mg                Morning
  Sevelamer (Renagel)                       800 mg               Morning
  Multivitamin                              One tablet           Morning
  Torsemide (Torem)                         200 mg               Morning
  Vitamin D3                                20,000 IU            Once weekly
  Sodium bicarbonate (Bicanorm)             One tablet           Morning
  Calcitriol (Rocaltrol)                    0.25 μg              Morning
  Valacyclovir (Valtrex)                    500 mg half-tablet   Morning
  Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole (Bactrim)   480 mg               Morning on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays
  Dexamethasone (Decadron)                  4 mg                 Morning on day 1 and day 2 following daratumumab administration


---begin page---
Visit Notes:

**Dear colleague, **

I am writing to provide an update on the medical condition and treatment
of Mr. John Williams, who has been undergoing inpatient treatment in our
facility since September 30, 2021.

**Diagnoses**:

**Present**: Acute impairment of the visual field.

**Oncological Diagnosis**:

1.  Diagnosis of Multiple Myeloma with kappa light chains, staged at
    IIIB as per the Salmon and Durie criteria

    Observable multiple osteolyses.

    History of radiation to the T4 and thoracic rib.

    Starting from 2018, he required dialysis due to renal insufficiency,
    scheduled on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays in our local clinic.

    2018: Treatment involved Bortezomib and Dexamethasone, but he was
    refractory to this combination. The regimen of Carfilzomib,
    Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone was also found to be ineffective.

    Radiation was administered to the T4 (totaling 30 Gy) and the
    thoracic rib (totaling 20 Gy) in August 2018.

    Between August and October 2018: Mr. Williams underwent three cycles
    of Pomalidomide, Doxorubicin, and Dexamethasone, but the disease
    showed progression.

    November 2018 to February 2019: He received four treatments of
    Daratumumab, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone, which led to a very
    good partial response (VGPR).

    In March 2019, he underwent stem cell mobilization due to RSV
    pneumonia complications and then started on Daratumumab monotherapy
    (VGPR was last noted in May 2018).

    He continued with Daratumumab treatment until November 2019, after
    which there was a pause until March 2020 due to remission (VGPR) and
    a diagnosis of endocarditis.

    A whole body CT scan conducted in March 2020 did not show any new
    osteolyses.

    By May 2020, there was an increase in LK values, prompting the
    resumption of Daratumumab, which led to a decrease in free light
    chains.

    As of June 2020, there was a noted increase in light chain kappa
    values to 102 mg/L.

    In July 2020, therapy was escalated to include Daratumumab, Revlimid
    (5 mg), and Dexamethasone.

    By September 2020, a further increase in light chains was observed,
    prompting a planned switch to Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and
    Dexamethasone.

**For his heart condition:**

Acute mitral valve endocarditis was diagnosed in March 2020. He
underwent a re-operation for mitral valve replacement with a
bioprosthesis (29 mm). This procedure, performed in March, 2020,
involved the resection of all infected tissue from the mitral valve\'s
holding apparatus. The cause is presumed to be associated with a Demers
catheter infection or possibly related to a port catheter infection
(Staphylococcus epidermidis was found). The catheter was surgically
removed in March 2020. He was on a series of antibiotics, including
Meropenem, Linezolid, Daptomycin, and Fosfomycin.

**Other pertinent medical events include:**

A history of radiation treatment using a minithoracotomy technique for
mitral valve reconstruction in 2015.

Right eye amaurosis due to septic-embolic central retinal artery
occlusion.

Left hemispheric ischemia diagnosed in April 2020, possibly due to
emboli from the mitral valve endocarditis.

A transient ischemic attack (TIA) in the brainstem observed on in March
2020, which could be related to emboli from the mitral valve
endocarditis.

Jugular vein thrombosis.

Prostate cancer diagnosed in 2018.

Chronic renal failure necessitating dialysis since 2018.

Previous procedures include Demers catheter placement (removed on March
2020) and angioplasty on the right basilic vein and brachial vein due to
stenosis causing shunt dysfunction.

History of transient ischemic attacks.

Bilateral tingling paresthesias in the lower legs, history of deep vein
thrombosis, recurrent calf cramps, and hypothyroidism.

Please let me know if you require any further information on Mr.
Williams. I am confident that this detailed account will assist you in
understanding his medical history and ensuring optimal care.

**Therapy: **

Therapy schedule: Daratumumab s.c. 1800mg abs. weekly in week 1-8,
2-weekly in week 9-24, every 4 weeks from week 25. Continuation of
Bondronat. Regular monitoring and optimal adjustment of cardiovascular
risk factors.

Medication:

Plavix (Clopidogrel) 75 mg; once daily in the morning

Lovenox (Enoxaparin) 0.2 ml subcutaneously; once daily in the evening on
non-dialysis days

Marinol (Dronabinol) drops; four drops in the morning and four drops in
the evening

Duragesic (Fentanyl transdermal patch) 12 μg/hour; change every 3 days

Protonix (Pantoprazole) 40 mg; dosing: Once daily in the morning and
once daily in the evening for 2 weeks, then once daily in the morning

Renvela 800 mg; dosing: Once daily in the morning

Torem 200 mg; once daily in the morning

Vitamin D3 20,000 IU; once weekly

Calcijex (Calcitriol) 0.25 mcg; once daily in the morning

Valtrex (Valacyclovir) 500 mg; dosing: Half a tablet (250 mg) once daily
in the morning

Bactrim (Cotrimoxazole or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole) 480 mg, once
daily

Warm regards,

**Clinical Update, 11/12/2022**

Mr. John Williams, a 66-year-old male with a known history of multiple
myeloma and associated complications, presented again to our facility
with worsening symptoms over the past three weeks.

**Symptoms**:

Persistent fatigue

Shortness of breath on minimal exertion

Bilateral pitting edema in the lower extremities up to the mid-calf

**Preliminary Findings**:

**Physical Examination**:

1.  Jugular venous distention

    Decreased breath sounds bilaterally with mild basilar crackles

    S3 gallop on cardiac auscultation

**Chest X-ray**:

4.  Cardiomegaly with an enlarged cardiac silhouette. Mild pulmonary
    edema evident.

**Echocardiogram**:

5.  Reduced left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) of 35% (normal \>
    55%)

    Mild mitral regurgitation

**Lab Results**:

7.  B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP): 890 pg/mL (Normal: \<100 pg/mL)

    Serum Sodium: 130 mEq/L (Normal: 135-145 mEq/L)

    Serum Potassium: 5.8 mEq/L (Normal: 3.5-5.1 mEq/L)

    Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN): 38 mg/dL (Normal: 7-20 mg/dL)

    Creatinine: 2.1 mg/dL (Normal: 0.8-1.3 mg/dL)

    GFR: 35 mL/min (Reduced)

**Diagnosis**:

Congestive Heart Failure (CHF) with reduced ejection fraction

Renal insufficiency

Multiple Myeloma (primary diagnosis 2015)

Prostate cancer

**Treatment Administered**:

Intravenous furosemide was administered to relieve fluid overload,
resulting in a significant reduction in edema and improvement in
breathlessness over the subsequent 48 hours. Lisinopril was initiated
cautiously to manage CHF and to potentially provide renal protection.
Metoprolol was started at a low dose, with close monitoring of blood
pressure and heart rate. Potassium levels were closely monitored given
initial hyperkalemia; diet and medications were adjusted accordingly.
Dietary consult emphasized a low-sodium, moderate protein, and
potassium-restricted diet. Close monitoring of fluid balance
(input-output) was maintained throughout the stay.

**Progress**:

Mr. Williams showed consistent improvement over his two-week admission.
Serial echocardiograms indicated a slight improvement in LVEF to 39%.
The edema receded notably, and his shortness of breath on exertion
reduced significantly. Labs before discharge showed:

Serum Sodium: 134 mEq/L

Serum Potassium: 4.9 mEq/L

BUN: 32 mg/dL

Creatinine: 1.9 mg/dL

BNP: 550 pg/mL

**Discharge Recommendations**:

Outpatient cardiology follow-up in two weeks and then monthly to monitor
LVEF and adjust medications. Nephrology consultation to keep an eye on
renal function, given his increased susceptibility to kidney damage.
Continue with dietary restrictions and modifications as advised.
Commence an outpatient cardiac rehabilitation program for supervised
exercise and lifestyle modifications. Weekly blood tests for the first
month to monitor electrolytes and kidney function.

Mr. Williams remains at risk due to multiple comorbidities. It is
essential to address each condition holistically while ensuring no
single treatment exacerbates another condition. A collaborative and
vigilant approach is imperative for his ongoing health management.

Warm regards,

  --------------------------- ---------------- ---------------------
  **Parameter**               **Value**        **Reference Range**
  **Blood Count**                              
  White Blood Cells (WBC)     5.8 x 10^9^/L    4-11 x 10^9^/L
  Red Blood Cells (RBC)       3.9 x 10^12^/L   4.5-5.5 x 10^12^/L
  Hemoglobin (Hb)             9.8 g/dL         13-18 g/dL for men
  Platelets (Plt)             150 x 10^9^/L    150-450 x 10^9^/L
                                               
  **Biochemistry**                             
  Creatinine                  2.8 mg/dL        0.6-1.3 mg/dL
  Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)   40 mg/dL         7-20 mg/dL
  Glucose                     98 mg/dL         70-100 mg/dL
                                               
  **Electrolytes**                             
  Sodium (Na)                 137 mEq/L        135-145 mEq/L
  Potassium (K)               5.1 mEq/L        3.5-5.0 mEq/L
  Calcium                     8.6 mg/dL        8.5-10.5 mg/dL
  Phosphate                   4.5 mg/dL        2.5-4.5 mg/dL
                                               
  **Oncologic Markers**                        
  Free light chain kappa      692 mg/L         3.3-19.4 mg/L
  Free light chain lambda     12 mg/L          5.7-26.3 mg/L
                                               
  **Other Values**                             
  LDL cholesterol             80 mg/dL         \<100 mg/dL
  HbA1c                       6.2%             \<5.7%
  --------------------------- ---------------- ---------------------

---begin page---

